---
title: '7. Enable alerting based on the outputs of the content safety API'
layout: default
nav_order: 7
parent: 'Exercise 02: Demo Defender with content safety contextual alert from AOAI'
---

## Task 7: Enable alerting based on the outputs of the content safety API 


1. On the Microsoft Defender for Cloud blade, in the navigation pane, expand **General**, and then select **Security alerts**. 

1. On the **Security alerts** blade, along the top of the page, select **Sample Alerts**.

1. On the **Create sample alerts** dialog, leave the default settings and then select **Create sample alerts**.

1. Back on the **Security alerts** blade, along the top of the page, select **Alerts workbook**.

1. On the **Active Alerts** blade, notice the current number of alerts represented in the graphs.

1. Hold your mouse over the graphs to get additional information.

1. When done exploring Active Alerts, select **Workbooks** to see the other available alert workbooks.

1. On the **Community** blade, select **Active Recommendations**.

1. Notice the current number of recommendations represented in the graphs. If none show yet, select the refresh icon on the page.

1. Hold your mouse over the graphs to get additional information.

1. Along the top, select **Auto refresh: Off**, select **5 minutes** and then select **Apply**.

1. Back on the **Active Recommendations** blade, select the **Save** icon.

1. On the **Save As** dialog, in the **Title** field, enter **Active Recommendations- 5 min refresh**.

1. In the **Subscriptions** dropdown list, verify your lab subscription is selected.

1. In the **Resource group** dropdown list, select **@lab.CloudResourceGroup(RG1).Name** and then select **Save as**.